[DOC] Restructure Pyroscope documentation and share content (#3798)
grafana/pyroscope: docs/sources/configure-client/grafana-alloy/_index.md

### Set up profile receiving

> 1. Configure your application with a Pyroscope SDK pointing to receive endpoint for Alloy.

Reviewer: Receive endpoints? Receive the endpoint?

Author: ```suggestion
1. Configure your application with a Pyroscope SDK pointing to receive the endpoints for Alloy.
```

> 1. Configure your application with a Pyroscope SDK pointing to receive the endpoints for Alloy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Configure your application with a Pyroscope SDK pointing to the `pyroscope.receive_http` Alloy component.
```
